# NASA-TheCliftons
After more than 10,000 years of relative stability—the full span of human civilization—the Earth’s climate is changing. As average temperatures rise, acute hazards such as heat waves and floods grow in frequency and severity, and chronic hazards, such as drought and rising sea levels, intensify. Climate change is already having substantial physical impacts at a local level in regions across the world; the affected regions will continue to grow in number and size. Since the 1880s, the average global temperature has risen by about 1.1 degrees Celsius with significant regional variations. This brings higher probabilities of extreme temperatures and an intensification of hazards.
As heat and humidity increase in India, by 2030 under an RCP 8.5 scenario, between 160 million and 200 million people could live in regions with an average 5 percent annual probability of experiencing a heat wave that exceeds the survivability threshold for a healthy human being, absent an adaptation response. Ocean warming could reduce fish catches, affecting the livelihoods of 650 million to 800 million people who rely on fishing revenue. The global socioeconomic impacts of climate change could be substantial as a changing climate affects human beings, as well as physical and natural capital.

In a response to reduce the impacts of climate change and prepare a more habitable environment for the future generations – Team ‘The Cliftons’, presents a proposal tackling issues of rising temperature along with its effects on the marginalised social communities through a comprehensive and well-designed website. The objective of the website is two folds – first, to create awareness about the degrading situation of global ecosystem and second, to provide vocational aid to the socially marginalised communities. (the scope of the project starts from Maharashtra, India – later extends to pan India and similar other nations)       
